>> Francesca Sadikin: Just
a little bit of a recap,
why do I think test driven development is
something that everyone should focus on.
You saw changing code is just safer.
You don't have to worry.
As I was making mistakes like syntax
issues or logic issues, I just looked over
to my test suite and immediately told me,
nope, that wasn't right.
I'm like, okay, got it,
let me look, right?
It leads to simpler solutions.
You notice that I didn't
pre plan a ton of the code?
I was just focusing on one little bit at
a time, and then once I saw an opportunity
to refactor, cuz I saw like, duplication
happening then I made that move.
This usually leads to simpler code.
It's easier to solve because you're
breaking down a problem into
smaller pieces, and then it's also
less bugs, which makes sense, right?
Because you have an immediate signal
every time you introduce an issue,
you only just wrote five to
ten pieces of lines of code.
You can easily figure out where in that
five to ten lines of code you just
added the problem.
>> Francesca Sadikin: I do wanna say
that I think tests are powerful if
you do it right.
But, what you will see in the workplace,
in true engineering companies,
is that everyone knows that
they're supposed to do it, but
no one actually does it, or
they're not [LAUGH] enthusiastic about it.
It's like kind of like this pain in the
butt that they have to just check off when
they do their work.
And I think that a lot of
these places are actually just
doing [LAUGH] it wrong, and
that's why it's so painful.
Some of the reasons are because the tests
were written as an afterthought, right?
So if you write code, there's like
all this old code, they have no test,
sometimes when you try to add
code afterwards, it's just very,
very complicated because that code
wasn't written in a way to be tested.
And so you have really complex
tests that are also very
brittle trying to inject
itself into this code.
I think that a lot of tests
are also testing the wrong thing.
It's testing implementation details.
So, this is kind of covered together
with the test coverage percentage.
I think people get very caught up with,
hey, I wanna write tests.
Let's make sure that we
have over 80% coverage, or
it's about a number, but
you've gotta remember that tests
are meant to serve as a signal
whether something is broken or not.
And so if you get overly focused
on just writing tests for
the sake of writing tests, and
you're adding all this stuff without
really thinking is this actually useful?
It is like a burden for other engineers
to maintain all of these tests, right?
The worst ones are, for example,
you are testing implementation details,
which means that if someone refactors that
code, all of these tests are breaking.
But the functionality still works, right?
Over time, engineers are going
to start ignoring those
test signals because they're not
actually saying anything useful.
>> Speaker 2: If you can get TDD
mandatory on a software development team,
would you still need a manual QA team.
>> Francesca Sadikin: I think so.
I'm just thinking about, like,
how my company works right now.
We have a lot of tests, but the QA
are also working with us as a partner
to think about edge conditions
that we may not have considered.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I answered that,
which is yes, of course, you need it,
but it'll make their job much easier.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Easier, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Constantly not having to
look for regressions as you're adding new
features, because your team
has proper tests in place.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Yes, and
I think the common mistake here is also
thinking that if you have QA,
you don't have to
think about tests as much cuz you're
gonna give that responsibility to them.
I think that's a mistake.
I think engineers should also think
about as many conditions as we can and
then partner with the QA to identify more.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So, tips for
learning Test-Driven-Development.
It's harder than it seems, right?
I remember the first few months trying
to learn test-driven- development.
The hardest thing was breaking the habit
of trying to pre-plan your code.
I think,
when a lot of us are learning how to code,
someone somewhere has taught you to
think of all the edge conditions.
Think about a set of code
that will solve all of it,
pseudocode the whole thing,
write the whole thing.
Test- driven- development doesn't do that.
It is literally like,
you take a single condition write about
a bit of code for that and you do that.
There is no pre-planning Involved.
And it's just going to take you
some time to practice test-driven
development to the point that you
feel confident in that process and
you can let go of your
urge to plan everything.
Also, as the code gets more complex,
the test also gets more complex.
You have codes that rely
on all these other systems.
You need to be able to write test
suites that can insulate this code and
not be affected by all of these external
things that are constantly changing.
And so the testing approaches and
the techniques that
you need to handle more complex code,
it's quite difficult.
Test-driven development,
just like any skill, just takes practice.
I really recommend that this is something
that you can start now with the code that
you're writing currently.
Try to start small, just like
start writing some unit tests for
different functions, and over time, you'll
notice that you may be writing it for
larger, and larger systems.